
Alan Lai
2/13/2020
CIS18A Project Documentation

This project is intended to be used by independent online content/media creators.

The company name I would be using if this program becomes fully developed is Electric Fortress.

Pseudocode:

Begins with a menu that loops and drives the program. Will ask the user if they want to

1. Make documentation
2. Search for existing documentation
3. Exit the program

The user will select between options 1-3. Selecting anything else will result in an error and prompt the user to try again

Selecting option 1 will present the user with a form of questions to answer in order to provide thurough documentation of the
website they visited. Their responses will be recorded and written to a file created from the URL of the website

once they're finished documenting the website info, the program returns to the main menu.

Any documentation created can now be accessed by menu option 2, which allows the user to input a web address and be given 
documentation on that same website by opening the file created from option 1.

option 3 will simply break out of the program loop, terminating the program.

Documentation:

Who's it for?
As mentioned this program is meant for independent online content/media creators. That is a pretty diverse group of people,
ranging from independent game developers to independent video/music creators. What they all have in common is having to sometimes
brave the internet in search of the resources they need, including the less safe parts of the internet.

What's its purpose?
The purpose of this program is to help people who create online content independently navigate public resources to help them
quickly and safely find what they're looking for by essentially creating a platform where people like them can share their
experiences while browsing on certain sites. By having everyone share their experiences, you can learn from each other the
best ways to quickly, safely, and cheaply get things done.

What is its business function?
As said it would essentially be a place where you can search for online resources to help your independent development. But unlike
a typical search engine the results you get will appear alongside reviews from real people, which can include tips for navigating
websites and where to look if you're on a budget or concerned about your online safety.

What is its technical function?
Its technical function as of now is mostly reading and writing to custom files. Since there's no online component yet the raw
concept on its own is simple and efficient. Ideally where to progress in the future is probably making a browser extention or less
likely a mobile app. Ideally you wouldn't be working on your phone and you'd want to access this information on your workstation.





